Introduction

I brought Python and Pandas to Alameda County Government replacing excel and ms access databases (that served as web gui's)!  Many did not believe this was possible.  Now, I process all data with python and I even error check the existing IBM SPSS (legacy language) code with a python error testor and report writer.  Also, I built a custom interphase for the entire agency workflow and wrote a protocal for code review.  My version control workflow interface controls code staging, pushing to production after review, and sending to a sql server using simultanious processing (all code for this gui on github).  

My recent innovation

My improvements caused code process time to decrease by 50% and sql inserts to be sent 300-800% faster (when i started they were sending 200/sec, and i am sending 2,000/sec while processing other data jobs.  Prior to my simultanious process innovation, running code and sending to a sql server for a large job would take 45 hours at a 50% success rate, and now my code accomplishes the same in 3 hours with a 99% sucess rate and full error log reporting that is sent to my iphone from the County server.  

Why i'm right for your team

My mantra is work hard and never stop learning.
I'm passionate about data and data visulizations and have a lot of experience in healthcare.  I know how limited that data infastructure is in the government, and i know what their needs our.  I can help make a product that will improve buisness inteligence for the government by providing a better product than exists and for way less money (literarlly helping the poorest of poor, and saving the government money).  Currently, the government has a half million dollar contract that is minimally effective at providing visulizations.  I can do better.  
 

Why you are right for me

I am rappidly gaining skills and I am ready to stick my foot in the job market. At the government I am a one man team (which means I work well autonomously) without anyone at my level because I am at the top of technical expertise.  I enjoy the work i'm doing, but I need to work with people with my level of passion and ability to learn.  My next coolaborations will be to build truely amazing innovations, and I hope I get a chance to do this with your group.  In order to work on my code (so it doesn't look like i work alone) I attend regular meetups and py classes.  For example, in my free time, i'm building a web app to graph the Sunlight Foundation API congressional speech data (using flot, but i'm also learning some d3). I'll send you an update when it is deployed. 

I live at 9th and folsom, and I can come by anytime to chat.  I'm a regular at noise bridge and meetups where you can find me with my ubuntu chromebook or out surfing the ocean.

I look forward to hearing from you,
Chet Meinzer
817 229 8992